0forallah900 True True
2funk False False 2016.01.02
4thegood False True
6thisisit False True
862674 False True
_Civil False True
_lennart_ True True
abolishpmo False True
acdcisnice True True
across_universe01 True True
adannytoremember True True
Aerosenz False True
aglalit False True
Al-Fayed False True
Albahacus False True
alexianchen False True
anamename False True
antifapper False True
Arzackk True True
ashkashbagash False True
atakor False True
atka True True
atlanteanking False True
atlas_arcturus False True
awakenedurbanmonk False True
bberlinn True True
Bergendey False True
BillyShears1958 False True
BinarySequence False True
bjjmonkey True True
blah133 False True
BlaseBB False True
Blaze6181 False True
bodymeetssoul True True
captain_discipline True True
captaingouyou True True
Carlblf False True
catinsky True True
ced22 False True
changeard False True
chetangangappa True True
cikatomo True False 2016.01.02
CodyA042 False True
commendatore True True
Conrad409 True True
cpatrick08 False True
Cryovane False True
CurvingDive False True
Dajtfed False True
dalethesnail False True
Dan1209 True True
dandausa False True
dayton1234 True True
dayzero0 False True
ddgb False True
Deathhoof812 True True
deca1987 False True
Degreed1982 False True
DforDeadpool False True
DigiKorean False True
discipleofnofap False True
DizzieO False True
dmitri_adkins False True
doggybalfour True True
DoNotEatTheTail False True
DracoDimitrios55 True True
drlusso False True
DukeStamina True True
ehho True True
Eipa False True
elbastardo1 False True
ender360v2 False True
engine4death False True
eristicmystic False True
Evil_Entity False True
eXj0k3r False True
fballbeast False True
FearlessMadman False True
Fenix12345 False True
fixitnow90210 True True
foobarbazblarg True True
ForesterNL False True
FourOneNiner True True
Free-B False True
FrivolousBIG False True
Frozation False True
frueherschueler False True
fullpower False True
FunkReborn False True
Gamerguy2345 True True
gangstercomputer True True
getinthecagewithnicc False True
Gewoonjelmer True True
glassCannon21 False True
GoingToMakeIt14 False True
gunleader False True
Highbmi True True
HippieSoulPunx True True
humble777 False True
HypeSloth True True
I_Fucking_Hate_Porn False True
ImprovedMechECowboy False True
imr9ne True True
incognito_15 False True
ipartakeindrugs True True
itzGaia False True
Iwillgetoutofthis False True
iwqpmo False True
Jacque_DeCock False True
JAK747 False True
jakefilmpro False True
jakiewan False True
jd158ug False True
jj119883 False True
joshsoowong False True
jspliff1 True True
jumpmanspace False True
Karatebro False True
keiran-cole False True
kelowH True True
Kings_Son False True
Kinsonlee False True
KnopflerisGod False True
Knowphap8 False True
koolvanz False True
kristerpettersson False True
KumquatRevenge False True
laere False True
LBJC False True
lekajones False True
Leopr1 True True
LeoTheFighter False True
leotrope True True
lightbeyond False True
living_and_dying True True
Liviul False True
lonely_jujube False True
LordofRice True True
Lorenzo_Brandy False True
ludwigvan__ True True
lukas2020 False True
m4rc0polo False True
macked-out True True
mafiosogiacomo False True
MaiKarooba False True
makers_recovery False True
Makethefake True True
mantuafree False True
marcro2571 True True
Marvin91 True True
masterofthethings False True
mathdrug False True
mcmtta False True
mcquinn7 True True
Meche24 True True
meezus89 False True
MeTurningPro False True
Midnight-Clad False True
milkywaymasta False True
Min93 False True
mintchoc-icecream False True
MisterMagorium False True
mizustyle True True
MonkeyDSunny False True
MooseMilk3 False True
moped2000 False True
MotorVanborn5000 False True
mrlenoir False True
mrnoone56 False True
MrPoischiche False True
MrTMNTR False True
msp24 True True
Mudhoney7 True True
MushishiMaster False True
myCQI False True
n0_m0re_p0rn False True
N_A_R_C_O_S False True
Na_2 False True
natborchers False True
NCC1701G False True
Neverstop7 False True
NewBrian2016 False True
nick73197 False True
nnnate False True
nof12 False True
NoFapAgain False True
nofapffm True True
nogamestreams False True
nopantsparty42 True True
nosweetescape False True
NovusCaesarion False True
nth_root True True
OK_01 True True
OliverSpecter False True
onfleek100 False True
Otikron False True
patchbag False True
patron_stMax False True
peach_kumquat True True
PFNFaway22 False True
pfree0409 False True
Pfree1805 True True
picardhasyourback True True
pocolocomoco False True
poopey_doopey False True
pornisforbetapeople True True
pornojunky False True
post-fapper False True
praveenjuge False True
Preambulanz False True
quicktoforget True True
quittingishard False True
r3dletters False True
rakt_fram False True
Rasmus16 True True
Razzaband True True
RevocoRestituo False True
rewoplliw False True
rightthistime1 False True
RobertFreddi True True
Rocket_Knight False True
rodrigowb4ey False True
RolloRocco True True
roy_scott False True
RyPA False True
Sailorj1 False True
sardonyxdragoon False True
saskaciwanihk False True
scorpion2phoenix False True
ScyllaHide True True
SgtCheesepuffs False True
shadowsatdusk False True
Sharkictus False True
shigolnam True True
shortless True True
shrubbry False True
sinfulregret True True
Sirjim11 False True
sittingonathumb False True
Slabdweller True True
slic_ric False True
Slyrix False True
Smaxfitness False True
smokenfire7676 False True
socoolhage False True
Sodar False True
Somtijds False True
SpiritualEntity False True
sreebakely False True
Stagafuliza False True
stainslemountaintops False True
Startnow2 False True
SuddenDapper False True
Sundria False True
SunniestWarrior True True
sunshine_rec0rder True True
suntzu01 False True
swageduplikcailou True True
Switchingitup90 False True
sXe4Life True True
Tacolishus False True
the_good_fighter True True
The_Turbinator True True
theabeman False True
Thee-Unforgiven True True
thegreatestjourney False True
TheSteelSword False True
thro_awaytheshackles True True
thrownawayforgoood False True
thunderdeacon False True
tim_dma False True
tlantan True True
TMurray189 False True
tonylok False True
torrentin True True
tossedoffer False True
TouchOfClass8 False True
Trappedinacorpse True True
Treetrunk27 False True
TrollPooperScooper False True
trouav False True
Turkeytom86 False True
Ufgood False True
umadethisforareason True True
vityaz777 True True
vlasp01 False True
vnnwlkr8 False True
WarriorShit False True
Wess129 True True
wheresmydopamine False True
WhiteFrankBlack False True
wipermr False True
Wish6 True True
WonderBoy92 False True
workingrecovery True True
wrcahns False True
wulfrice False True
XcherokeeJ False True
yes_darling False True
