-awaken- False True
-FantasyAddict- False True
-Rock- False True
0815_Throwaway False True
1M2A3K4S False True
420dropout False True
50-cal False True
90DaysHardmode False True
__TATO False True
_Creepter_ False True
a_9977 False True
Abraal01 False True
Act_Like_It False True
addictive_mind False True
admiraldjibouti False True
ajsg14 False True
Al-Fayed False True
Albahacus False True
alchemist_33 False True
allAboutMentality False True
alromaru False True
AnkitIndia False True
Anthonidas False True
asianmutant False True
atka False True
AuMMYGl False True
austinsheep False True
avidist False True
awesumit False True
BassOnirism False True
Batman5991 False True
batmike88 False True
bberlinn False True
ben__ned False True
bkedelen False True
Blazemaster505 False True
blue_cinos False True
bmking False True
breakingfree81 False True
Brightfuturee False True
Bwyon False True
Cackling_Eagle False True
CanIofferyouaniceegg False True
CaptainMoeSoccer False True
cebolla_blanca False True
chiddyfield False True
Chief32 False True
ChinmayT2 False True
Choosetobebetter False True
clavabot False True
coldvein False True
Compass87 False True
conanthelib5050 False True
ConqueringTheSelf False True
Crewlove33 False True
Dadoadd False True
DanceRedditDance False True
Dandylol False True
daniel_italy False True
DanMusicMan False True
Dar_Now False True
darcj False True
db15234 False True
DeadlyRaccoon False True
deadnotsleeping99 False True
Deathhoof812 False True
DeathlessPath False True
deathslayer-pcmr- False True
dibenzoylperoxide False True
Dirnsak False True
diversitysegment False True
DKM2017 False True
dorsalrootganglion1 False True
duckmesideways False True
easyaddicted False True
Edizok False True
Egkrateia False True
ElPujaguante False True
error_message_401 False True
fapfreedomfighter False True
faprmstrong False True
Fluke90 False True
foobarbazblarg False True
foragee False True
ForesterNL False True
FourOneNiner False True
FrankelTrout False True
freedom991 False True
Freethougt False True
frueherschueler False True
Futekiforever False True
fysmat False True
gangstercomputer False True
gar1160 False True
GaryKnife False True
gazzazzin False True
gdude24 False True
geekyblacky False True
gematria666 False True
Genuinely_Retarded False True
Glamourhammer False True
GlazingFlakes False True
Glocjt False True
GOBEYONDPLUSULTRA False True
GoldJacketLuke False True
Gonnarehab False True
Goutough False True
green_tree_field False True
gujjarbhai False True
Haddaway False True
Hates24168 False True
hello-everyooone False True
henrychinaski1 False True
heyoh1 False True
Hobbesia False True
HoneyBadgerRed False True
HoodieAllen2 False True
hornyboolet False True
hosselaar False True
hullap False True
humble777 False True
i_Brake4DuARTe False True
i_like_to_reddits False True
IDKninja False True
iffaster1 False True
ILostMyDreams False True
imhereagainwow False True
ImmaRealBoy False True
Impact222 False True
In6Praesenti False True
InsecureGuy11 False True
inSepp False True
irgendwalrus False True
iTAMEi False True
IWontFapForHerAndMe False True
jabber011215 False True
Jam-Dont-Shake False True
jappleseed12 False True
jasonrasta False True
jd158ug False True
JeffersonSales False True
jeremygl09 False True
JohnCreed03 False True
johnnyandthethrowawa False True
jonahb11 False True
joshtu False True
jwjnm False True
Kehndy12 False True
kevinmijeime False True
khpf False True
kimball_krew False True
Kings_Son False True
klaafas False True
Knowphap8 False True
Koalasonfire False True
Kobell False True
konyakubatake False True
KugupugukU False True
Kyle51 False True
lackofpornin2017 False True
LadiesManPodrick False True
Lamp_in_dark False True
laxika False True
leotrope False True
like_its_nothing_yo False True
Liviul False True
llRusty False True
Lopokato124 False True
LoudSue2 False True
louis__theo False True
ludwigvan__ False True
m00rtuvivens False True
mafiosogiacomo False True
marangco False True
MarioVaughn False True
max_potential_ False True
medina9 False True
Meerkatrat False True
Megacito False True
Might99 False True
mightymouse1981 False True
mikspiro False True
MintCitrus False True
MisterMagorium False True
MokoPlays False True
molodyets False True
MonkeyDSunny False True
MonteDaddyC False True
mountainssunkbelow False True
mreffinsunshine False True
MrOns False True
myCQI False True
naesc_ False True
nampal False True
napkinom False True
natborchers False True
nathanforestlee False True
needhelpayudame False True
NeoTheEagle False True
never_set_a_limit False True
neverendingsboner False True
Nevergiveup977 False True
NevermoreBaltimore False True
newlife_87 False True
Newman658 False True
nickoo321 False True
Njmja False True
Nofap_TH1356 False True
NoFapAgain False True
nofapffm False True
non_newtonian_jelly False True
Noodls False True
NoPforeverNoMore False True
nox_tv False True
nwhaught False True
OK_01 False True
OneSixTwoer False True
Orange-King False True
ovulator False True
password16 False True
pavilionaire False True
paxeno False True
pezathan False True
pizzafapper False True
PoorGooner False True
popeful False True
PornFreeGordon False True
pornojunky False True
post-fapper False True
power999power False True
PowerOuttage False True
pre_ejaculation False True
Preet2000 False True
Prevailing False True
Proagon False True
Quiktypr False True
quinne888 False True
rammy32 False True
Raratus False True
RecoveryNeeded False True
Red_Hypergiant False True
redsupapingu False True
RemoveAndImprove False True
Reyaweks False True
righttogetright False True
Rmaob False True
Rocket_Knight False True
rollypolls False True
RunningRupicapra False True
sanderson22 False True
Saukkotukki False True
Saviorofmypeople False True
ScorchingBonzai False True
sebastian_nofap False True
selfim False True
Seren_Dipia False True
sgd124 False True
SignsOfSerenity False True
sil3nt611 False True
SilverWarrior9 False True
sim31_ False True
sinfulregret False True
Skee013 False True
skinnahbox False True
Slabdweller False True
Slyrix False True
smokenfire7676 False True
socunacadira False True
somethingnew__ False True
Somtijds False True
spin116 False True
Spiritual_Scientist False True
SpiritualSobriety False True
Splinter714 False True
sportstime23 False True
Spritastike False True
spymole False True
Starhunter80 False True
startingover1234 False True
Statictics False True
Stefano271216 False True
StrangerDanger96 False True
Successful14 False True
sunny131 False True
Superluminerd False True
suuperfli False True
sXe4Life False True
tauruso False True
terneergeslagen False True
Terrapin_Station_316 False True
Th3V0ic3 False True
thatdavidwooderson False True
thatfatdood False True
ThatM3kid False True
the_cool_ones_argon False True
the_jonski False True
TheDudeFactor False True
Theman57 False True
themeinneedofhelp False True
TheMindfulWarrior False True
thenerj False True
ThePillowEffect False True
thescreampainting False True
Thisisitnow123 False True
Thrawaaye False True
throwaway__fapper False True
tia2016 False True
tiddlydum False True
TimeOffNow False True
tlantan False True
tmkuk False True
Tobi4U False True
tofapornottofap4 False True
transparent-life False True
True_Silver False True
Tsondre False True
tugamedio False True
umadethisforareason False True
unheard_unseen False True
Unknown419 False True
Vindeeta False True
vinnievanhalen False True
WaaayToGo False True
wandpolisher False True
weibullguy False True
wheresmydopamine False True
whiggs77 False True
WinterHerb False True
woahacow False True
wobuxihuanbaichi False True
wooden_stone False True
XcherokeeJ False True
Xcpa9 False True
Xoaimango False True
XTutankhamen False True
yelbesed False True
YellowTango False True
yohomeboi False True
Yoshibro False True
You-Betcha False True
yumyumhello False True
yungpilot False True
ZenAnthro False True
ZenWolfe False True
zwiebelsaft False True
