-awaken- False True
-Rock- False True
0815_Throwaway False True
1stSlash False True
47884375 False True
4of4 False True
8rick False True
__murph__ False True
__TATO False True
_the_raven_ False True
a_9977 False True
AaronJayThomas False True
abolishpmo False True
Abraal01 False True
adannytoremember False True
addictive_mind False True
admiraldjibouti False True
ajsg14 False True
alchemist_33 False True
alromaru False True
Andrejcc False True
AnkitIndia False True
anonarwhal False True
Anthonidas False True
AProfessionalMemer False True
atka False True
austinsheep False True
avedub False True
awesumit False True
BallisticWalrus False True
BassOnirism False True
Batman5991 False True
bberlinn False True
bedacc False True
benarm False True
besterk False True
bioherm False True
Blaze6181 False True
blue_cinos False True
brandon_ball_z False True
breakingfree81 False True
Bronn31 False True
BuffaloBlizzard72 False True
Bwyon False True
Cackling_Eagle False True
caliboyeightyeight False True
CanIofferyouaniceegg False True
CardinalGuitar False True
cebolla_blanca False True
Ch33rsbigears False True
chiddyfield False True
Chief32 False True
ChinmayT2 False True
Choosetobebetter False True
ClarkieT False True
clavabot False True
Cleydison False True
CoA90 False True
Compass87 False True
conanthelib5050 False True
congobongo420 False True
ConqueringTheSelf False True
CosmicDart False True
CrossGuard263 False True
CuntFaggotNiggerJew False True
Dadoadd False True
DanceRedditDance False True
Dandylol False True
Dar_Now False True
darkyrie False True
Dave1722 False True
db15234 False True
deadnotsleeping99 False True
Deathhoof812 False True
DeathlessPath False True
deca1987 False True
DKM2017 False True
dorsalrootganglion1 False True
duckmesideways False True
Edizok False True
ElGuapoChapo False True
ElPujaguante False True
error_message_401 False True
fapfreedomfighter False True
faprmstrong False True
Fatdevourer False True
FilthyBassist False True
fishfryy False True
foobarbazblarg False True
FrankelTrout False True
freedom991 False True
frueherschueler False True
FRUIT_FETISH False True
fuck_gawker False True
FuriousFalcon False True
Futekiforever False True
gangstercomputer False True
gar1160 False True
GaryKnife False True
gematria666 False True
GeneStealer1 False True
Glamourhammer False True
Glass_Danimals False True
Glocjt False True
GOBEYONDPLUSULTRA False True
GoldJacketLuke False True
Gonnarehab False True
Goutough False True
Haddaway False True
Hates24168 False True
HeartIgnited False True
hello-everyooone False True
Hobbesia False True
hornyboolet False True
hosselaar False True
i_Brake4DuARTe False True
iamanonymous1234 False True
IDKninja False True
iffaster1 False True
imhereagainwow False True
Impact222 False True
inSepp False True
irgendwalrus False True
ISolitaryManI False True
IWontFapForHerAndMe False True
jacoballen22 False True
jakethesneakysnake False True
jasonrasta False True
JeffersonSales False True
jeremygl09 False True
john365 False True
JohnCreed03 False True
johnnyandthethrowawa False True
jonahb11 False True
jwjnm False True
KeepMovingToFreedom False True
KeyLow16 False True
kiboy93 False True
Koalasonfire False True
L4V1 False True
LadiesManPodrick False True
Lamp_in_dark False True
Leafall False True
leaflife28 False True
leotrope False True
Liviul False True
Lopokato124 False True
ludwigvan__ False True
m00rtuvivens False True
Maake11 False True
madtownbro False True
maksayTheDreamer False True
manfrogg False True
marangco False True
MarioVaughn False True
Master2213 False True
max_potential_ False True
medina9 False True
Meerkatrat False True
MFDoub False True
mgold5oh False True
mightymouse1981 False True
mikspiro False True
MintCitrus False True
MisterMagorium False True
MisterSniffles False True
modern_sisyphus False True
MokoPlays False True
molodyets False True
MonkeyDSunny False True
mountainssunkbelow False True
mreffinsunshine False True
myCQI False True
naesc_ False True
natborchers False True
needhelpayudame False True
NeverEnding25 False True
Nevergiveup977 False True
nickoo321 False True
Njmja False True
NoFapAgain False True
nofapffm False True
nomorenomore1 False True
non_newtonian_jelly False True
Noodls False True
NookJ False True
nwhaught False True
OneSixTwoer False True
Orange-King False True
password16 False True
pavilionaire False True
pezathan False True
pizzafapper False True
pornaddict16 False True
pornojunky False True
post-fapper False True
power999power False True
PowerOuttage False True
Prevailing False True
Proagon False True
pseudosciences False True
Quiktypr False True
RealisticoBR False True
Red_Hypergiant False True
redsupapingu False True
Renegade908 False True
righttogetright False True
RioGila False True
robotico46 False True
Rocket_Knight False True
ropeadope1 False True
RytonRotMG False True
Saukkotukki False True
selfim False True
Seren_Dipia False True
Sexaddictedvirgin False True
sgd124 False True
ShivvyT False True
SignsOfSerenity False True
Sihal False True
sil3nt611 False True
SilentSpaceMan False True
sim31_ False True
sinfulregret False True
skinnahbox False True
Slabdweller False True
slightlyangrydodo False True
Slyrix False True
SnuffleShuffle False True
Sodar False True
Somtijds False True
spin116 False True
SpiritualSobriety False True
Splinter714 False True
spymole False True
sta_god False True
Starhunter80 False True
startingover1234 False True
Stefano271216 False True
stevenm246 False True
StrangerDanger96 False True
Successful14 False True
sunny131 False True
Terrapin_Station_316 False True
Th3V0ic3 False True
thatdavidwooderson False True
thatfatdood False True
ThatM3kid False True
the1truedan False True
the_cool_ones_argon False True
thejorsias False True
TheMindfulWarrior False True
ThePillowEffect False True
theprogram1993 False True
therandomme14 False True
thescreampainting False True
Thisisitnow123 False True
throwaway__fapper False True
tia2016 False True
tiddlydum False True
tlantan False True
Tobi4U False True
transparent-life False True
TristanJeremiah False True
Tsondre False True
tugamedio False True
Unknown419 False True
vanvidd68 False True
Verbism False True
Vindeeta False True
vinnievanhalen False True
WaaayToGo False True
wandpolisher False True
watermelord False True
weibullguy False True
wheresmydopamine False True
whiggs77 False True
Wiserbay False True
Wish6 False True
WonderBoy92 False True
wooden_stone False True
woopherd False True
XcherokeeJ False True
Xcpa9 False True
xKiller_Koalax False True
XTutankhamen False True
yolex False True
yoricky305 False True
Yoshibro False True
You-Betcha False True
yumyumhello False True
yungpilot False True
Zanzungu False True
ZenWolfe False True
