0vercoming False True
42TowelPacked False True
50-cal False True
A_KILLER_DONG False True
abolishpmo False True
Accenbens2 False True
acdcisnice False True
achoohaiku False True
adannytoremember False True
Albahacus False True
Alchemistt False True
AMA_Tuner False True
andstufflikethat False True
anonymous_484 False True
AR96 False True
Artemonski False True
Aseconverse False True
ashkashbagash False True
atlas_arcturus False True
austronautfrompompei False True
autumnwolf27 False True
Be-seeing_you False True
Betterthanuatlife False True
Blaze6181 False True
Bloodsack False True
BMot False True
Chief32 False True
Chris85west False True
commendatore False True
cryptoplasm False True
cteeters False True
CurvingDive False True
DanMusicMan False True
DB1116 False True
ddgb False True
deca1987 False True
disturbed434 False True
DrivenToFreedom False True
edward_would False True
elbastardo1 False True
eristicmystic False True
eternalfantasi False True
fantabrew False True
Fire-Eyed-Boy False True
foobarbazblarg False True
FourOneNiner False True
frankisquittingporn False True
free_lefthand False True
FroodyPebbles False True
gamasco False True
gamedingo False True
geekyblacky False True
Gimriz False True
GoingToMakeIt14 False True
GoodRockinBrown False True
GoodWillHumping False True
hope-is-real False True
Hormic False True
icandoscarythings False True
incognito_15 False True
J0HNCENA False True
jackreadit False True
JAK747 False True
jakiewan False True
jj119883 False True
john1456 False True
johne1981 False True
JupeJupeSound False True
justfortheloveofme False True
klezmerkid False True
Krowg False True
Kryptyne False True
LadiesManPodrick False True
Lafatchu False True
laverdure False True
LazyPoopBag False True
LDSkull False True
lexoluthor False True
linttis False True
Littlesthermit False True
loginprocedure False True
m4AC False True
macked-out False True
Masturchef False True
MexicanPenguin False True
Misfitxvx False True
MisterMagorium False True
mrfini04 False True
mrnoone56 False True
MushishiMaster False True
myCQI False True
nflman2117 False True
nikprgzzz False True
NoFap837j False True
Nofapdiehard False True
nofapffm False True
NoFapZachAttack False True
obber False True
ohthatdavidwooderson False True
OmeletteDuLeFromage False True
Otnovo400 False True
panjialang False True
peach_kumquat False True
Pfree1805 False True
phony54545 False True
PolarisAirship False True
pornfreedrj87 False True
pornojunky False True
post-fapper False True
quinne8 False True
Raw_Chicken False True
RingsofAkhaten False True
Roastedbarley False True
Roidhogan False True
Rorschach2519 False True
roytherocket False True
RubiconMomentum False True
samvandam55 False True
Semuhtra False True
sinfulregret False True
sizzurpinmyride False True
Skwidz False True
slimjim7777 False True
solongsomewhere False True
Somtijds False True
SuperMountain False True
sXe4Life False True
The-Pendragon False True
TheBashfulPanda False True
TheFirstStepofMany False True
thetruth320 False True
TheTuggmeister False True
thorlovesloki False True
Tigurknee False True
tim_dma False True
tossedoffer False True
Trust-Thyself False True
UltraMudkipPone False True
unitedmartial False True
vityaz777 False True
vnnwlkr8 False True
weeklybeatings False True
wheresmydopamine False True
WonderBoy92 False True
woodninja False True
x-ray_David False True
xracher False True
XxDANtheMANzZ False True
YearOfWin False True
zvezdicee False True
