-FantasyAddict- False True
-NAhL- False True
-Rock- False True
11Tsundere False True
12tn2 False True
53ParallelNorth False True
9stoned1jaguar6 False True
__Kvothe False True
_but_why__ False True
_The_Crazy_One_ False True
achapman401 False True
adannytoremember False True
adash5000 False True
adge505 False True
Adrialic False True
alchemist_33 False True
ambitious_flosser False True
anonarwhal False True
Anonymous884422 False True
Anthonidas False True
antifragile_jahan False True
ApudDeum False True
AR96 False True
AshJackal False True
assisithere False True
atka False True
ATN5 False True
Atticus329 False True
awesomeoctopus98 False True
bberlinn False True
beanyrowley False True
beardedinireland False True
BePseudoEverything False True
BestRamadanYet False True
betterway33 False True
BigBearMonte False True
BinarySequence False True
Blaizi False True
BradThunderCock False True
Brophylactic37 False True
bsd_user1 False True
buffalooverflow False True
burn3speed False True
CardinalGuitar False True
carlslim False True
Caspar-_- False True
centeunofap False True
chillbro8 False True
ChristianPatriotsFan False True
cikatomo False True
clavabot False True
CokeBoyRod False True
coldvein False True
CommanderShepderp False True
Compass87 False True
ConqueringTheSelf False True
counter_intuition False True
D3ATHbyBIGmac False True
da_monk_pimp False True
Dadoadd False True
daintyknight False True
Dak_pr3scotts_muther False True
danceswithwolves11 False True
danieldramien False True
dank-passenger False True
darcj False True
dcm5291 False True
Deathhoof812 False True
deepdepths False True
desertOasis1323 False True
detfis False True
dhavid2013 False True
DinDoNuffin False True
dny777 False True
Dooley28 False True
Downrev False True
Dreamplan False True
duckmesideways False True
edhi1122 False True
edmundtb False True
Egdirnnamokki False True
eire77 False True
elbastardo1 False True
Elytrin False True
epic-curious False True
esprex False True
excesium False True
FEEBLE_CURSED_ONE False True
ferngern False True
ffffrrr False True
FilthMonger85 False True
FlamboyantlyStraight False True
FLAMINGDAISIES False True
foobarbazblarg False True
fuck_porn_ False True
FuzzPedalOfDoom False True
geekyblacky False True
Genuinely_Retarded False True
Gery0n42 False True
gettehlife False True
gigatech86 False True
gjagaa False True
glaedr7274 False True
Glass_Danimals False True
glasshalfful1 False True
Glocjt False True
gorilla1001 False True
gwkuser False True
harfnarfnar False True
Hefromkings0211 False True
helpme4774 False True
homerdough False True
HopefilledHuman False True
hosselaar False True
hungryjack128 False True
IamN0tAcyb0rg False True
IAttractThatWhichIAm False True
iffaster1 False True
IJustDidThatYo False True
ImprovingReece False True
Imtoooldforthis1 False True
inertialTurtle False True
inSepp False True
iodizedpepper False True
irgendwalrus False True
iTAMEi False True
jayjayjay156 False True
JediN1nja False True
JeffersonSales False True
jihad_throwaway False True
Joe_McBeerFace False True
johnnyandthethrowawa False True
JosephCro777 False True
Jossh1 False True
Juliohobbyhut False True
JWA92 False True
katoomba_loafer False True
KedaZ1 False True
Keepem False True
KingWarriorForever96 False True
Knowphap8 False True
kropecznik False True
kse_dtd False True
LadiesManPodrick False True
larrygilmore False True
leolego2 False True
lifegoeson40 False True
likeabaker False True
Limo_in_my_Hand False True
lindyhopdreams False True
Lineanova False True
livingintheheart False True
lock_that_door False True
lonewolfsteez False True
LordofRice False True
lukas2020 False True
m4AC False True
macked-out False True
ManVersusFap False True
manwithaplan78i False True
MaximumtheZinc False True
mickey_2011 False True
Midthanks False True
Mikaeld False True
MindfulAwarness False True
Mister_Mojito False True
Mobc1990 False True
mogerroor False True
MonkeyDSunny False True
Mordroy False True
Mortalministries False True
mrbadboy1300 False True
MrLambdaKappa False True
mrnoone56 False True
MrPornFreeWarrior False True
MushishiMaster False True
MustacheMood False True
myfoucauldianself False True
n-j-d False True
Nandos787 False True
NCC1701G False True
NeatBubble False True
Newman658 False True
Newtonman419 False True
nofp2116 False True
nomorenomore1 False True
nomoreporn2016 False True
None False True
Nope07 False True
NoPMOJT False True
NouraizT False True
OneSixTwoer False True
oO_Yuill_Oo False True
orifimsupposedtobe False True
pablo8744 False True
pangan33 False True
ParanoidCydia False True
PartnerInSpirit False True
patchbag False True
pavilionaire False True
pehelwan False True
penguin297 False True
peter11692 False True
piotr9134 False True
porks99 False True
PornaholicAnonymous False True
pornfree7 False True
pornfreedrj87 False True
pornojunky False True
Portnuss False True
post-fapper False True
Psyduckerz False True
pwnagelad False True
QuitPornGetLaid False True
Radiokopf False True
RandomRedditUser3390 False True
Rapolus False True
Rasmus16 False True
Ratcliff01 False True
razzila False True
rebootreboot False True
Relax_91 False True
remybob78 False True
righttogetright False True
risinghopedoc False True
Rogogo7 False True
ronin_master False True
ryuke11 False True
SaltyBrotato False True
Samsone700 False True
sane-ish False True
ScyllaHide False True
seanonymous_ False True
sentkent False True
Seren_Dipia False True
shadowhymn False True
Shaggydog__ False True
shashankgarg1 False True
sinfulregret False True
Skee013 False True
sleeperguy False True
Slyrix False True
Somsal False True
Somtijds False True
Spem4 False True
Spencer193 False True
spotlightboxer False True
SSDD1 False True
starscream2121 False True
strider004 False True
Successful14 False True
sumyungboii False True
Superluminerd False True
sXe4Life False True
TadyZ False True
Take_the_stars False True
TakeTwo53 False True
The_Relaxman False True
The_Strongest False True
theabeman False True
TheBashfulPanda False True
TheDailyHustle False True
TheDudeFactor False True
TheDutchbox False True
TheNoobOfRoblox False True
Theodt False True
theopaschite False True
ThePillowEffect False True
thescreampainting False True
Thisisitnow123 False True
throwanyaway False True
tia2016 False True
tlantan False True
TMurray189 False True
Tom_86 False True
tomorroday False True
turt-burglar False True
typingmythoughts False True
UneNouvelleVie False True
urosr False True
usmellwutdarockcooks False True
UsualMoniker False True
Uzinero False True
VirginOnRidiculous False True
Vycul False True
Walk_Like_A_Man False True
WaywardCatholic False True
wesyborg False True
WingLeung44 False True
Wish6 False True
woahacow False True
WonderBoy92 False True
woodchair123 False True
woopherd False True
worthwhilemoment False True
wtf793 False True
X019 False True
XcherokeeJ False True
Xcpa9 False True
xKiller_Koalax False True
Yellow_Baron False True
You-Betcha False True
YouAndMeInfinite False True
YoYoMeh False True
yteicosf False True
YuenglingDrinker False True
zachrob2k False True
zwiebelsaft False True
