-NAhL- False True
0forallah900 False True
42TowelPacked False True
50-cal False True
_Virtus_ False True
A-Type False True
abolishpmo False True
acdcisnice False True
achoohaiku False True
across_universe01 True True
adannytoremember False True
adash5000 True True
agntred True True
aHeroWith44Pens False True
ajsg1 False True
aksaha True True
Albahacus False True
Alchemistt False True
alexianchen False True
andstufflikethat False True
Arzackk False True
athom93 True True
atka False True
atlas_arcturus False True
attemptist False True
baddecisions212 False True
Bass_Tech False True
Beastie321 False True
befreedude True True
bertrogdor False True
Betterthanuatlife False True
BigBearMonte False True
bigred0241 False True
Blaze6181 False True
BlizzardZHusky False True
bodyheartmind False True
bodymeetssoul False True
boriallpaper False True
Bronzesky False True
BulbaBoss False True
But_its_not_this_day False True
caltonsix False True
captaingouyou False True
catinsky False True
ced22 True True
changetoday198 False True
Chief32 True True
chitown_biryani False True
chooc444 False True
cloud7570 True True
cocokh True True
commendatore False True
contemplatessuicide False True
dandausa False True
dayton1234 False True
DDave1239 False True
ddgb False True
deca1987 False True
Degreed1982 False True
Delta_FosB False True
distressed_penguin False True
djvhw False True
dmoney820 False True
DracoDimitrios55 False True
DrivenToFreedom False True
DudefromNantucket False True
DukeStamina False True
EhhAhhOhhUgh False True
elbastardo1 False True
eristicmystic False True
EyotaWolf False True
ezzeldeenom False True
F1MiguelFerrari False True
Fire-Eyed-Boy False True
Flammendehaar False True
foobarbazblarg True True
ForesterNL False True
FourOneNiner True True
free45de False True
free_lefthand False True
FreedomManOfGlory False True
fullpower True True
Galactic_Fapstronaut True True
gamasco False True
GBvitaobscura True True
getinthecagewithnicc True True
gimme3steps101 False True
giveupPMO False True
glassCannon21 True True
Gobbledigookie False True
GoingNowhere False True
GoingToMakeIt14 False True
growmighty False True
gunleader True True
hamsquad411 True True
HarryTheConMan True True
HeroicWimp False True
highdreigone False True
hk9 True True
HoratioIsAHomie False True
horned1x False True
I_love_my_SO True True
icandoscarythings False True
Iczy22 False True
Ihavetochange False True
incognito_15 False True
itdontmatter False True
itzGaia False True
iur5 True True
Iwillgetoutofthis False True
iwilllurkreddit False True
iWolf_ False True
Iwouldlikealongeruse True True
JAK747 False True
jakiewan False True
jasonmoose False True
jaxplayer1 False True
Jdmc1710 False True
jj119883 False True
john1456 False True
joshsoowong False True
justdoitmag8 False True
jw2324 False True
kagayaki False True
kalabandor_neat False True
KingChocoTaco False True
KOCIAGULI True True
laere False True
LAmilo90 False True
LDSkull False True
letsgiveitatry89 False True
LightFener False True
linttis False True
Littlesthermit False True
living_and_dying False True
LjudLjus False True
lonewolfsteez False True
Lopenicek False True
macked-out False True
MaiKarooba False True
makers_recovery False True
MattThePimp False True
mikawaldi False True
MisterMagorium False True
Mizkrang False True
mizustyle False True
Monday_Again_24 True True
Moose_brain False True
mountainssunkbelow False True
Mr_Greeen True True
mrnoone56 False True
MrTMNTR True True
MushishiMaster False True
MvH9 True True
naturligvis False True
NCC1701G False True
Nephistos False True
Neverstop7 False True
newlife71 False True
Nie200 False True
nikprgzzz False True
NoFapAgain False True
nomorenomore1 False True
nth_root False True
OliverSpecter False True
onestep_forward True True
onfleek100 False True
ParaziTik True True
patron_stMax False True
peach_kumquat False True
PFNFaway22 True True
Pfree1805 False True
PM_ME_CHEESY_JOKES True True
pornisforbetapeople True True
pornojunky False True
post-fapper False True
Preambulanz False True
quicktoforget False True
Raratus False True
Raw_Chicken False True
Razzaband False True
reboot74 False True
redditaylor False True
Reyaweks True True
ReZenge False True
RHCPfan27 True True
Rintsen False True
Roastedbarley False True
RobertFreddi False True
rochaf False True
Rocket_Knight False True
roytherocket False True
rsug1 False True
runikon True True
saskaciwanihk False True
scumstoner False True
ScyyneDose False True
Semuhtra False True
SensOak False True
shirtshirt False True
sinfulregret True True
siriusisness False True
Sirjim11 False True
sizzurpinmyride False True
Slyrix False True
SnipermanVsBatman False True
Some-Danish-Dude False True
Somtijds False True
starcraftskyrim True True
sunshine_rec0rder False True
supershiva False True
SutluCikolata False True
sXe4Life True True
thatfatdood False True
Thatguy32101 False True
ThatYWAMlife True True
the_perfect_me False True
TheCaptinLove False True
ThedragonCarnage False True
Thee-Unforgiven False False 2015.12.01
TheFirstDegree False True
TheFirstStepofMany False True
TheMightyPepper False True
TheNamelessRedditor False True
TheSpruceTip False True
TheTuggmeister False True
thrownawayforgoood False True
Tienseye True True
tim_dma False True
timeforthechallenge False True
timehasnowcome False True
tinnyw False True
TMurray189 False True
tojil42 False True
tossedoffer False True
toughchanges False True
Trappedinacorpse False True
Treetrunk27 False True
Triggerlily False True
twtealio False True
urmonkey True True
Vitorvlv False True
vnnwlkr8 False True
wheresmydopamine False True
Wish6 False True
woahacow True True
WonderBoy92 False True
woodninja False True
wrcahns False True
x-ray_David False True
YellowTango False True
yesheflwrs True True
you_ni_dan False True
Youkahn False True
Zeniusboy False True
ZeroFucksTonight False True
zvezdicee False True
